Alerting: Update docs for grafana recording rules (#94811)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/alerting-rules/create-mimir-loki-managed-recording-rule.md

# Configure recording rules

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> In Grafana OSS and Enterprise, you can create both Grafana-managed and data source-managed recording rules if you enable the `grafanaManagedRecordingRules` feature flag.

Reviewer: Should it be explicit that GMA RR are available in Cloud too? I mean "In Grafana OSS, Enterprise, and Cloud, you can..."

Author: 💯, and the feature toggle is only for Grafana-managed. I'm pushing a commit with a change for it.

Configure Grafana-managed recording rules.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
In Grafana OSS and Enterprise, you can create Grafana-managed recording rules if you enable the `grafanaManagedRecordingRules` feature flag.

> For Grafana Cloud, this feature is enabled by default and available for use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Grafana Cloud, it is enabled by default.
```

   To add multiple queries, click **Add query**.

2. Add one or more [expressions].

   a. For each expression, select either **Classic condition** to create a single recording rule, or choose from the **Math**, **Reduce**, and **Resample** options.

   {{% admonition type="note" %}}
   When using Prometheus, you can use an instant vector and built-in functions, so you don't need to add additional expressions.
   {{% /admonition %}}

   b. Click **Preview** to verify that the expression is successful.

> 3. To add a recovery threshold, turn the **Custom recovery threshold** toggle on and fill in a value for when your recording rule should stop metting the condition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. To add a recovery threshold, turn the **Custom recovery threshold** toggle on and fill in a value for when your recording rule should stop meeting the condition.
```

   You can only add one recovery threshold in a query and it must be the recording rule condition.

4. Click **Set as recording rule condition** on the query or expression you want to set as your rule condition.

#### Set evaluation behavior

> Use recording rule evaluation to determine how frequently an recording rule should be evaluated and how quickly it should change its state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use recording rule evaluation to determine how frequently a recording rule should be evaluated and how quickly it should change its state.
```

Reviewer 2: hey sonia-just a couple of minor things...plus added the backport label since it's been available from 11.3
